consider this every 30 days six trillion
emails are sent worldwide and 80 million
stars explode in the universe now we
don't know if those events are related
somehow we're looking into it but 30
days is also enough to pump up your
noodle arms and fill out your t-shirts
with muscle trust me I'd know and here's
what I did for starters I measured the
thickest part of my biceps 14 inches
even I did it again 30 days later to see
my progress which ended up being more
than I'd ever guessed I didn't buy any
gym equipment just use my own body
weight at home before the workout I did
some cardio to warm up one minute of
jumping jacks or high knees next the
plank tap this one targets the shoulders
back triceps glutes and your core get in
a straight arm plank position with your
arms shoulder width apart tap your left
shoulder with your right hand and keep
your gluts and core engaged do the same
thing with your opposite hand three sets
with 15 reps each was perfect while
still in position move on to the forearm
plank reach that focuses on your back
shoulders biceps and glutes lower
yourself into an elbow plank keep your
abs flex no dipping now reach your right
arm directly in front of you with your
palm facing inward stay in that position
for three to five seconds and then bring
your arm back down repeat the same thing
with your opposite hand three sets of 15
again for this one the triceps box dip
focuses on your arms and chest sit with
your body facing forward and pull your
hands behind you on a sturdy object it
can be a chair table or bench keep your
legs slightly bent with only your heels
touching the floor straighten your arms
and lift your gluts then bend your
elbows and lower yourself down without
touching the floor do 20 reps the plank
up and down
now you're targeting your entire body
arms included of course get in a regular
plank position with your feet hip width
apart keep your arms extended and lower
your right arm so your forearm touches
the floor they're the same with your
left arm to position yourself in a
forearm plank reverse those steps to get
back up in a straight arm plank keep it
that for 20 reps the decline pushup time
to target those arms and shoulders even
more place your feet on a step box or
bench with your toes pointing down get
into a high plank position with your
arms shoulder-width apart bend your
elbows and lower your chest to the
ground then push back up do 15 reps with
this one next was the opposite to pump
up the chest to the incline push-up get
into the plank position again with your
arms extended on a box or bench your
legs should be straight out on the floor
behind you press your elbows and lower
your chest toward the bench then push
your body up with your arms 30 reps are
enough you'll also need some cardio in
between so do some plank jacks this
exercise focuses on your arms pecs and
most of your leg muscles get into a high
plank with your hands shoulder-width
apart and your legs straight out behind
you jump your feet out like you did
earlier with the jumping jacks and try
not to relax your glutes keep at it for
30 seconds and kick things up a notch
with Burpee push-ups oh boy this one
pumps up your shoulders packs arms legs
and glutes stand with your feet
shoulder-width apart squat in a forward
motion and put your hands on the floor
then kick your legs behind you in a
plank position now bend your elbows and
press your chest down to do a push-up
finally jump your feet towards your
hands jump straight up and reach for the
ceiling do 15 of these bad boys let's
close with the most difficult one the
IMP
of all pushup it focuses on your core
inflates those biceps and give some
volume to your forearms lie on your
stomach with your arms outstretched
above your head bring your hands
together on the floor making a diamond
shape between them from your toes to
your fingertips lift your entire body as
high as you can stay in position for two
to three seconds and slowly go back on
the floor do 10 reps if you can
here are some other tricks I followed
alongside my arms focused workout that
helped me bulk up I did 20-minute
aerobic exercises a week before my
workout to lose the excess fat hiding my
muscles I never skipped my cardio before
the workout besides getting my muscles
warmed up and the blood pumping jumping
jacks helped me get rid of excess water
weight I also stretch my biceps after
each workout you can try the wall one
you place your palm against the wall
slowly turn your body away from the wall
until you feel a stretch in your biceps
triceps and chest then repeat the same
on the other side I altered my exercises
every few days every eight to ten
workouts your body gets used to the
daily load so the exercises aren't as
effective I increase my reps with time
for the same reason when it gets too
easy to do the sets add five more reps
to each try to find more reasons to work
your arms I like busting out some bicep
curls whenever I bring the groceries in
I ate one to two hours before working
out and I chose meals high in carbs
pasta bread fruits and energy bars are
great for that I also ate after my
workout to give my system the vitamins
and minerals it needs some of my
favorite post-workout foods for rice
cakes sweet potatoes chocolate milk
peanut butter avocados and fruits or
nuts I never skip breakfast either
every morning I had smoothies cottage
cheese with toast or an omelet I also
never let myself get hungry so I had a
small meal every three hours if I didn't
eat for a
long time I overate later I always felt
full because I kept my food intake up
munching on proteins is important too
they helped me speed up my metabolism
and pump up my muscles you need around
one gram of protein for every two pounds
of body weight I only ate more Whole
Foods that are low in sugar and high in
fiber they helped with digestion gave me
more energy during my workout and saved
me some money lastly I accompanied my
meals with fruits and veggies
most of these are low in calories and
made me feel full just thirty days later
I measured my biceps again they were 15
and a half inches that's one and a half
more inches than when I first started my
weight drop - while my muscle mass
increased next step is to add dumbbells
but that's another story